feat(RDS): add rds pg plugins data source (#3733)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/rds_pg_plugins.md

---
subcategory: "Relational Database Service (RDS)"
---

# huaweicloud_rds_pg_plugins

Use this data source to get the list of RDS PostgreSQL plugins.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "instance_id" {}
variable "database_name" {}

data "huaweicloud_rds_pg_plugins" "plugins" {
  instance_id   = var.instance_id
  database_name = var.database_name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the data source.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `instance_id` - (Required, String) Specifies the ID of an PostgreSQL instance.

* `database_name` - (Required, String) Specifies the database name of an PostgreSQL instance.

* `name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the plugin name.

* `version` - (Optional, String) Specifies the plugin version.

* `created` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether the plugin has been created. Defaults to: **false**.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID.

* `plugins` - Indicates the plugin list.

>   The [plugins](#PgPlugins_Plugin) structure is documented below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The [plugins](#plugins_XXX) structure is documented below.
```
